Good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Well, I'm back in my spot.
I like to come over here; I like this artwork behind us.
It's something different.
We do the green screen so much, and Braden said, "Let's do a video today.
" Yeah.
So, I'm going to go over some of the things that the Lord gave us yesterday.
For the ones that didn't watch all the prayer video, I saw a cone.
It went down like a funnel.
And at the base of the cone, there was gold.
There were roads all around it going to the base.
And there were 18-wheeler rigs that were bringing gold—pure, almost translucent gold—to the bottom of this cone.
It had a hole in the middle of it like a donut, but it was thick because the semis were bringing this gold.
It looked identical to the streets of gold in heaven, the translucence of the gold.
So, they were taking this gold-like cement and these trucks were dumping it into a round circle.
As they were moving down, they were dumping the gold, and the gold was getting thicker and thicker.
I could see the thickness of the gold and a hole in the middle.
Now, nothing was going through that hole.
I don't know why the hole was there, but it looked like a black hole and it was completely dark all the way through.
So, there was nothing coming up and nothing going down, but it was a cone.
I could see the cone shape; it wasn't like a cylinder cone.
It was like a square-looking cone.
I thought that was interesting.
It had four sides at the top and it went around all the way up, and it was a cylinder at the bottom and then went up like a square at the top, kind of like a castle, which was very interesting because it did not go all the way up like that.
But these semis had silver beds with white tarps over the top of them to hide the gold.
The semis had red grills on the front and they were silver semis with red grills and red front plates, which I thought was interesting.
I try to tell you more detail as the day goes, as I'm re-going over the things and telling y'all.
That was part of the vision.
Then I saw Ronald Reagan's face before me.
And I saw the old Soviet Union, the old flag that looked like an anchor with the red and all that for the old Soviet Union.
I could see it in the background.
I could see the wall, the Berlin wall.
"Bring down that wall, Gorbachev!
" I could see the wall and I could see Ronald Reagan's face.
But Trump's face connected to Ronald Reagan's face.
So, it was half of Ronald Reagan's face and half of Trump's face.
And as they moved, it was like as Ronald Reagan's face kind of faded in the background, Trump's face came to the forefront.
I could see his hair and his eyes.
He had the blue suit on with the white shirt and the red tie, just like he always does.
It was there and I could see it.
But then this is what's interesting: I could see the writing on a wall again behind Trump that looked like graffiti.
It was graffiti with bubble letters, and it looked like somebody had really messed up the wall behind him.
But it was puffy, bold letters in different fonts.
It was behind him, but I couldn't make out what the bubble letters said; I could see them behind him, kind of like gang writing.
And so then I saw the design like whenever you see the old Batman things like "pow," "boom," "bang," and they would have the explosion design and the words there whenever they were fighting.
I saw that design and I heard "Golden Age" as I saw Trump's face.
I heard "Golden Age.
" And the Lord corrected me.
He said, "Stop always thinking you know how big the window truly is.
For I want to make this a reward of the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous and for you to enjoy the wealth that you're about to receive.
" He said, "Brandon, this is a wealth transfer for the remnant—the ones that have listened to me and have sacrificially given and sacrificially done the things that I've called you to do without compromise.
You have been right on.
And I am your exceedingly great reward.
I am the El Shaddai, the all-sufficient one.
I supply all your needs.
Do you understand?
" God is a God that has an abundant supply.
Ladies and gentlemen, God is not a poor God.
If you like poverty, you're certainly not going to like heaven.
There is no poverty in heaven.
There are streets paved with gold.
The foundation has rubies, diamonds, sapphires, and all the beautiful stones that you could ever imagine.
Folks, I have seen these visions.
I have seen what God has prepared for the body of Christ.
If you, being evil, give good gifts to your children, how much more does your heavenly Father give good gifts to those that love him?
And I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, God has more than enough for you and what's about to happen and a Golden Age.
He said, "A Golden Age," and I saw a calendar again and a season of blessing for the body of Christ.
Now, you say, "Well, Brandon, your words kind of contradict each other.
You said you saw a crash.
" Yes, I have.
But just like words are given to an audience, what is the time frame that it's supposed to take place?
Just like Jeremiah and Daniel, the word that Daniel gave has still not come to pass.
And all the way to John, the same words did not come to pass there; we're seeing them manifest thousands of years later.
And the Lord told me, "Stop trying to control the time frame, trying to reason it in your mind of when you think these things are going to take place.
" He's coming, ladies and gentlemen.
But just like I told you, it has to come through the vessel, speaking it out into existence into the atmosphere, just like the prophets did before Jesus came the first time.
He said, "Brandon, I'm going to raise up these words coming up out of you, for I am decreeing this through you.
You are my voice.
Peace in this earth.
" That's why he's saying, "Have a backbone.
Say what I say to say and walk away from it.
" Decree and declare the words that I'm giving you to tell the people that I'm coming, that the sun is setting on the horizon of time and you have a window.
Trying to figure out God's timing whenever a thousand years is a day and a day is a thousand years to the Lord is pretty ignorant, basically, when we try to put it in our thinking and go, "Well, God's saying this and God's saying that," unless he gives me a specific saying, well, "Thus saith the Lord, it's coming on this day at this hour and this time.
" Usually, he has never done that to me; it's usually very broad: this is what's coming.
And you know, it's the same thing whenever I gave the word about Trump's ear.
I had no idea when that was going to manifest.
I just saw all that I saw and I told y'all.
I tried to think that it was going to happen in the summer months, and it did, because I saw the green grass and the green trees.
I saw all those things, so I knew it wasn't going to come in the winter because of the fact that there's green grass and green trees.
Same thing about the woman that I saw: she had the French twist in her hair, she has a ballroom gown, and it will be at his Mar-al-lago that this lady tries to come in there looking beautiful.
She looked like a supermodel and she was young.
She walked up to him and she was point-blank at his chest.
This lady was coming underneath the radar because she was gorgeous.
Now, why?
I have no idea.
This is the vision that I saw, and I've already warned about this several times.
The Lord told me there will be attempts on his life in the future—that this is not over and that we are to pray over him continually because of what his position holds and what God has in store for him.
It is not for him to be taken out by any foreign adversary.
Do you understand?
Our job is to always pray protection over every political leader and ask God to intervene and protect.
The Lord told me a major crash was coming to the Chinese economy.
We see this; He warned me about a window that looked like an open stage curtain.
You know, whenever you see those stage curtains with the thick tapestry, the drapes—the thick drapes—but it was a red and yellow-gold drape that was just like their flag.
There were red drapes and gold tassels coming down, and there was a golden rope tied in the center for the drapes of the stage of the show, like you would see at a big theater.
It was opened like this, like you're peeking out of it.
It was opened, and it opened up pretty wide, but the drapes at the top were touching and the drapes at the bottom were touching.
All that was open was in the middle.
I usually don't go into this kind of detail whenever I talk because I try to save you all time, but this is what I saw.
I saw the drape, and the Lord said there was an opening coming for the body of Christ when this economy shakes, and there will be uprising and rioting and things happening in the Chinese community and all of China, rising to overthrow the government.
In this window, I will give you an opportunity for the gospel to be preached in all of China, for there will be distractions.
You understand?
With all the economy stuff, there are distractions.
So, people can come through that window and minister the gospel, but it wasn't very big and it didn't last a long time.
This would be the same thing that happens with North Korea—the same things.
Do you understand?
And then remember what I warned you about: a Pearl Harbor experience.
As the Chinese become desperate like a dog in a corner, they try to retaliate because it's insulting to their culture.
Does that make sense?
They felt dishonored.
They felt embarrassed because of all that was going around in the culture.
I don't know how else to describe it to you, and that's why I'm trying to rehearse this so you know what I've seen.
It's getting ready to happen soon; I feel it inside.
Things like this are escalating on a greater scale, and you will see in the days ahead a major shaking in the economy of China.
Yeah, the Lord warned me about that three-month window about the tariffs to pray over the releasing of an agreement—a peace agreement—a compromise with the trade war.
I saw the shelves still empty, and the Lord has warned me about shelves being empty in certain cities for sure.
There, like Costcos, Walmarts, Targets, and Sam's Supercenters, they would not have enough merchandise in the days ahead for all of the shelves; they would have to take one store and put that merchandise in another store to have one location in some cities.
In some cities, it got so bad that they had armed guards in those towns and in those cities because people were looting, trying to steal in the stores.
Will we see that?
I pray we do not.
I pray we can avert these things through prayer and stop these things from taking place, even with the medications and things like that.
The plan of the enemy, folks, is to kill, steal, and destroy, but God has come that we might have life and life more abundantly.
That's what we're wanting right now.
That's what we pray as the body of Christ.
We are the salt of this earth.
We are the ones that bring the flavor.
We are the anchor.
We do it all.
And we pray, and God did not call and say this stuff to go, 'Oh no, the sky is falling.
' No, that's not what we're doing.
We're here to set a standard and pray a wall against the enemy, saying, 'Thus far, Satan, and no further.
' Some of it is going to happen, but I believe that we have power and authority as the believer to tread on serpents and scorpions and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
We have power to stop some of this stuff.
I believe it.
I want you to believe it with me because it's the truth.
God gave us authority.
And so then, this is the last thing: I saw Venezuela being angry about something that Trump does.
Now, I do not know what that is, but something happens with Venezuela in the days ahead.
It's something to do with oil.
I saw them becoming angry, and Russia—I saw Putin's face coming to comfort the Venezuelan government.
'Oh poor you,' you know, like, 'Oh, bless your heart, let us help you out.
' That's the only way to describe it.
It wasn't like that, but it's like, 'Oh, bless your heart, let us help you out.
You join up with us.
You become friends with us under the table right now.
We have a plan.
' Remember what I'm telling you: 'We have a plan, Venezuela.
We can't come out with it all the way right now, but we have a plan to overdominate the dollar in the Western culture.
You come in with us and we'll rescue you.
We'll be a friend when nobody else is a friend to you.
' And I saw Venezuela secretly with tunnels, whatever it was, trying to talk, trying to make deals, trying to be friends.
And it was the same thing with Cuba, North Korea, and Iran.
In the days ahead, you'll see more Iran and Russia doing things, Turkey doing things, and you'll see an uprising in the Middle East like we've never seen before.
Remember this: we're about to see great things in the Middle East.
And people say, 'How are we going to have this with Israel and all this?
' I saw black swan events.
Black swan events with Israel and Iran trying to poke it.
I'm not going to touch that anymore; I feel instant caution.
You all just need to be watching in the days ahead.
An escalation of war, an escalation of strikes against Iran in the days ahead.
Watch these things.
Consider the cost.
Israel, consider the cost.
So, basically, that's what I want to tell you all today.
That's the highlights of yesterday's prayer.
I thought it was important to always do these like this.
I know it's kind of different, but I thought, 'Why not?
' because I know not everybody stays for the whole prayer video, but I'll bring up what I told you all, and if you feel led to pray over these things, you can pray over them again, knowing that the time is short.
How short the time is, I have no idea, ladies and gentlemen.
All I know is I have an urgency to tell you all the time that Jesus Christ is coming.
And He said, 'I want to give you a window of blessing, a golden age, a golden time frame for the body of Christ.
' Now, are we going to see the economy falter eventually?
Yes.
Have I seen a major plague coming?
A plague that will kill billions of people?
Yes.
That's like the bubonic plague—not the bubonic plague.
The black plague of death.
It was bad, bringing out old things through AI technology.
So let's pray for tomorrow that they're going to start meeting and going about this Pope thing and this Asian man.
I've seen him.
I believe this is a guy over the Philippines; he looked Asian to me.
Starting out good is what the Lord said—starting out good and eventually turning really bad—that it would give a window.
But I saw great shaking coming to Italy.
And I told you about the root busting the concrete all the way down through the Vatican, all the way down in the Vatican Square, that area.
A great change, and then I saw an even darker time.
I think it's interesting, even with the sky.
Everybody's really interested in the sky thing.
Is this a volcano thing?
Is this all the folks?
All I saw was that the sun was different.
It looked like a haze; I don't know how else to describe it.
It didn't look like a cloud per se, or like smoke; it just looked like the sun was being affected.
There was something wrong with the sun.
And I don't know why it would do that, but the light was weird.
It was like a really weird movie.
I don't know how else to describe it.
I wish I could draw you a picture of it.
The only way I can describe it to you is it looked like an eclipse, but it was much worse.
The light was more dingy than that.
All right, let's pray.
I don't have anything to take communion with you all today.
I'm in my car, of course, but I thought I'd pray and we'll seek the face of the Lord.
I wanted to get a video out for you today.
Instead of skipping today, because I had things I had to do, I thought I'd do it in the car and do something really fast for you all.
We'll seek the face of the Lord real quick and if the Lord shows us anything, we'll add it to tomorrow's video.
That's Megan in the background, everyone.
Father, we just thank You, Lord, for another great day today.
Lord, we thank You for the rain.
Oklahoma is getting so much rain, Lord, and You're blessing us on so many levels with so many different rainstorms.
And God, You're filling our lakes, our streams, and our creeks.
Lord, You've been so good to us.
And Lord, we want to give You honor and glory for it.
Don't take it for granted because there's a lot of people that are in drought.
Lord, we have busted the drought overflow; it has been an overflow.
I believe this is a sign of the times, saying a great rain is coming.
A great rain is coming to Tulsa.
A great rain is coming to ORU and to Collinsville and to these areas.
A great rain of My Spirit of revival is coming.
Lord, I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
Not just a normal rain, but a good toad-strangler.
Father, when there is so much rain that even the frogs are drowning.
Father, I believe that this is a time for the former and the latter rain together.
And we call forth the mighty rushing wind, a mighty rushing rain of the fire and the presence of the Holy Ghost like we've never seen before.
Just like we're seeing this outpouring of rain on Oklahoma, we thank You, Lord, that there's a greater outpouring of the presence of God on this nation like we've never seen it before.
You said, 'First the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation in the corn.
' I thank You, Lord, for the supernatural abundant sound of rain.
Right now, in the name of Jesus, we call forth the rain of the Holy Ghost, a rain of the presence of God coming on this nation one more time—one more move of God like we've never seen before.
Father, bring in the lost, the ones in the back field—those sheep, the lost, the black sheep that are way in the back field.
Father, You're going to bring them forth in the name of Jesus.
And we call for blinders off of our unsaved loved ones' eyes.
We say, 'Come off of their eyes in the name of Jesus.
' I say, 'Satan,' the Bible says that Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever.
And we say, in the name of Jesus, 'Satan, let go of our unsaved loved ones.
' We call on Ephesians, that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened today.
We call for their eyes to be flooded with light, that they may know the hope of their calling.
Father, I thank You, Lord, right now that You're sending laborers across the path of every single unbeliever, our unsaved loved ones.
Father, we call in harvesters to come across their path right now in the name of Jesus.
Angels of the Lord, camp around them and make war against the enemy that's blinding them.
Father, let them have an opportunity to see the truth, that they would know the truth and the truth would set them free.
I thank You, Father, that You would open the windows of heaven over them right now in the name of Jesus.
From the north, the south, the east, and the west, we call forth an abundant harvest of souls in Jesus' name.
All to the glory of God.
We thank You, Lord, that they're coming in, and that the sowers and the reapers would go hand in hand.
Father, the seedtime and harvest will be accelerated in these last days.
And we call forth the seedtime and harvest to be accelerated right now in the name of Jesus, that the harvesters and the sowers, the harvesters and the sower will go hand in hand for an acceleration of seedtime and harvest and supernatural finances like we've never seen before.
We call in the open door, that everything we put our hands to will prosper.
Father, You said You rebuked the devourer for our sake.
And I thank You, Lord, that everything we put our hands to prospers, and You've rebuked that devourer.
And we call forth the mighty wind of the Spirit of God to blow on our finances.
And we call forth harvest to come forth in the name of Jesus.
For this is a golden age, You said, Lord, for the Body of Christ.
Father, for the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
And I call forth abundant money coming forth to the righteous right now in the name of Jesus.
You said that there would be great days of fun for us to enjoy, Father.
And I thank You, Lord, that we will bring forth the people with this financial outpouring.
Father, it's not just to squander it all, but Father, I thank You, Lord, that it's to bless the people and to bring in the harvest.
And I thank You, Lord, for supernatural finances to do what You've called us to do.
And every ministry that's represented here today that's believing for the harvest money—Father, I thank You, Lord, that they would bring back some thirty, some sixty, and a hundredfold.
But God, I'm believing for a hundredfold seed, hundredfold ground, and hundredfold miracle manure.
Father, let us not sow into ground that is stony and hard, but let us sow into the manure that is good and produces good fruit, a good harvest over our crops in Jesus' name.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we repent over our bad seed.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that the seeds that we've sown in the past that are bad seeds, we call a crop failure in the name of Jesus.
And we say, 'Crop failure!
' Let it be dead seed; we will not reap back what we sowed—the bad seed.
I pray for mercy and that the seed would not bear fruit in the name of Jesus.
We even curse the root of the fruit in the name of Jesus.
Thank You, Lord, for supernatural increase.
Thank You, Lord.
Father, for the marriages that are turning around right now, God, I'm calling forth marriages to be whole.
I'm calling forth marriages to be well.
I say this is a time like we've never seen before, that marriages will flourish.
Our marriages, the Body of Christ's marriages, will stand out to the world and they'll say, 'How are you all so in love?
How do you all not ever fight?
' How do you all have such peace in your house, and your children have peace, and there's no drama in your household?
Your kids are not on drugs.
Your kids are not strung out on sex.
Your kids are doing well because we put Jesus as the cornerstone of our home.
He is the foundation.
He is all in all of our household.
And Father, because as for me and our house, we will serve the Lord.
When we serve the Lord, there's fruit in that.
I thank you, Lord, for husbands, men of God to rise up like Davids in these last days.
Father, not shrinking back like a coward, but rising up with a backbone like a crowbar, taking back what the enemy's stolen, like Joshua and Caleb, saying, 'This is our land.
We're taking the land for Jesus.
' And we're going to be bold about it.
We're not going to shrink back and say, 'We're the size of grasshoppers.
' No, God, I thank you, Lord, that we're going to be the people that say, 'No, we are more than conquerors through him who loved us.
' And greater is he that is in us than he that is in the world.
A thousand shall fall at our side, and 10,000 at our right hand, but nothing shall come nigh us.
We believe, Father, in the power and the authority of the believer.
We believe that Jesus Christ is a healer.
We believe that Jesus Christ is our deliverer.
We believe that everything we put our hands to will prosper.
And we're taking our dominion and we're taking our authority, and we take the land for Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for creative ideas to get wealth today.
I believe, Father, that we have that ability to get the job done, the anointing to get the job done.
Father, we're not shrinking back and saying, 'No, we don't have what it takes.
' No, we have more than what it takes because Jesus dwells on the inside of us.
You say, 'Well, I don't know if I've got—no, greater is he that is in you, ladies and gentlemen.
' You have what it takes because he's no respecter of persons.
What he did for one, he'll do for you.
God poured out—he said he rains on the just and the unjust.
So that means he rains on the unjust, too.
So how much more will he rain on you?
Thank you, Lord.
Hallelujah.
It's time.
I hear it in my spirit; I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
It's time to believe him for the impossible.
That what was impossible would come to pass in the name of Jesus.
The things that you thought would never come to pass—it's time to believe for the harvest at last.
It's time to believe for the turnaround in your finances.
It's time to believe for the shaking of what you believe for, to shake it out of the world's economy and bring it into the righteous economy.
It's time to shake it loose.
'Let go of my stuff, devil!
Let go of what God has for me!
' He'll not take what God has for me.
I'm going to walk in abundance.
I'm going to walk in the blessing.
I'm going to walk in healing, in wisdom, and in holiness.
My marriage is going to be standing out.
My children stand out because the glory is on us.
Just like Moses's face shone with the glory of God.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're no respecter of persons.
You do it for him; you'll do it for me.
If you visit Moses, you'll visit me.
If you visit David, you'll visit me.
If he visited them, he'll visit me.
That's why I say it all the time: 'Oh God, visit me!
Oh God, visit me!
' Bringing forth harvest one more time—a major move of God like we've never seen before.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you've done and for what you're going to continue to do.
Thank you, Lord, that the rain is coming.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
I hear the camels are coming.
A golden age for the body of Christ; a window of opportunity for the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Father, we pray over President Trump right now in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that you're bringing forth wisdom on him like he's never had before on how to run this nation.
I take authority over every satanic and demonic spirit that tries to come against him.
Father, as the body of Christ together, we do it as a whole—not me by myself, but us as a whole—believing that God has given him a Solomon-type of wisdom to lead this nation out of what we're in, for a great harvest of souls.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for a Jonathan and David relationship between Israel and the United States.
Father, for you said, 'If you bless Israel, I bless you.
If you curse Israel, I curse you.
' And I thank you, Father, that we will bless Israel regardless of the leadership that's there today.
We bless the people.
I don't believe in replacement theology.
I stand with Israel.
I stand with Jerusalem.
I stand with the people of Israel.
There is no replacement theology.
I rebuke that thinking in the name of Jesus; it's a lie from the pit of hell.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the blood of Jesus Christ.
I thank you, Lord, that you saved us and redeemed us from the curse of the law.
I call healings and wholeness and wellness over these people today.
Lord, we give you praise, glory, and honor.
We rebuke that foul devil from hell of prejudice.
I see you, you foul devil from hell.
There's only one body with all of us joined together as brothers and sisters in Christ.
Some of you are believing for cars right now; some of you are believing for houses right now.
It's time to believe God for big, but get out of debt.
You say, 'Well, I've got to pay back student loans.
' Whatever that was, God's ready to pay it off.
Let's believe God for big, ladies and gentlemen.
He is exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
It's time to believe him for what you thought would be impossible—he can turn it around on a dime.
He can turn it around with a seed.
Whatsoever a man soweth, that will he also reap.
He can turn it on a seed.
If you have a need, sow a seed.
That's where we always go in my household.
If you have a need, we sow a seed.
I'll sit there and just go, 'Well, whatever I'm going to do.
' No, if you have a need, sow a seed.
Well, Lord, I need this.
And we sow there, and he blesses it—some thirty, some sixty, and a hundred-fold.
We believe that God is a rewarder of those that diligently seek him in this household, and he will visit you.
Now, Father, I thank you, Lord, for visitations right now for every single one of them.
They're believing for visitations—angelic visitations, Holy Ghost visitations, Jesus visitations—for supernatural visitations to experience the glory.
I thank you, Lord, that the revival starts with us.
Today, Lord, we are the carriers of the glory.
We're the carriers of the anointing.
Every one of us are carriers, and we believe that we carry the Holy Spirit throughout the whole neighborhood.
Hallelujah.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord, for JD Vance, Father, for protecting him, and for a change in the government of Canada.
Father, I pray that you would even visit this new prime minister.
I saw Justin Trudeau being removed.
It happened just like you said, Lord.
He was removed, then we got the other guy.
But Father, visit the other guy.
Visit him.
Lord, let them have an experience with you; shake them in their sleep.
If you can deal with Pharaoh, Father, you can deal with some of these men; they are nothing compared to what Pharaoh was.
If you could deal with Pharaoh, Lord, you can deal with them.
I thank you, Lord, that even as you dealt with Pharaoh, you will shake these men.
You will shake them in the name of Jesus.
All is not lost.
The sky is not falling, but Father, you are able to turn it just like you did with Pharaoh.
You can deal with Kim Jong-un.
You can deal with these people and you can shake them.
You can deal with Ali Khamenei.
You can shake them.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for bringing revival to North Korea, Iran, and these areas that have been so locked down with bondage.
You can bring freedom by shaking these people in the midnight in their sleep to say, "Listen again, I am coming.
" Shake them.
I thank you, Lord, that you send your angels just like when Paul and Silas in the midnight hour cried out and they shook the chains off of them and opened the prison door.
Father, you are able to bring a mighty earthquake to shake the prison doors open, to shake these places open, and to bring freedom so that we will have revival.
Now, God, I pray over the elections in South Korea and all these other areas.
God, that we would have a major revival in these areas and a great turnout and voting for South Korea, Singapore, and whoever else is voting—El Salvador, maybe.
I do not remember who it was; there were a lot of them.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that a lot of people will vote righteously and that things will turn around for them.
I believe we are so close to a major revival, something of biblical proportions, that when we wake up, we will say, "Oh my gosh, look at what God has done!
" The Lord said, "Pray over Iraq.
" Father, we call forth the government of Iraq to change.
Father, for a rising of the CBI, the Central Bank of Iraq, we call forth a change in Iraq in the name of Jesus.
We call forth a revaluation of the dinar.
We speak for the dinar to revalue now in the name of Jesus, to reinstate at 3.
22 or 3.
33.
We call you to revalue in the name of Jesus.
We call a turnaround in the dinar.
We call it to happen now in the name of Jesus.
Satan, you have blocked this blessing; you have hindered it long enough.
We say, "Get your hands off of this economy!
" and we say, "Turn around in the name of Jesus.
" Father, we thank you, Lord, that there will be an overnight change in Iraq in the name of Jesus.
Father, this is a time like never before where we see a time of soaring.
The oppression and the suppression are gone in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord, for raising up new men and women to rise up in godly leadership positions around the world.
We pray for revival in this area where I am right now.
Let revival start with me.
Let revival start with us.
We call for revival today, an awakening unto God.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it, Lord.
It will not bear fruit on us.
Every witchcraft, spell, incantation, chant, and voodoo—Father, we thank you, Lord, it will not bear fruit.
We take authority in the name of Jesus.
For the Lord is good and his mercy endures forever.
We are expecting change today.
Thank you, Lord.
Glory.
Hallelujah.
Thank you all for joining me today.
I felt a release.
Hallelujah.
We thank you, Lord, for revival in this neighborhood.
We call for revival in the name of Jesus.
It is time to walk in the light of God's love and in the light of God.
I pray for a fresh anointing of the Holy Ghost through this camera today that they would be stirred up from the inside out with the Holy Ghost and fire.
They have hope today that Jesus Christ has a plan for their life, and that he loves them and can do anything if you believe.
We believe that he is a rewarder of those that diligently seek him.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you have done and all that you are going to do.
The best is yet to come.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
We just want to say thank you for joining us today.
God bless you all.
If you could like the video and subscribe, it really helps us.
Click the notification bell and do all the things that help with the algorithm.
That is the only thing we will ever ask of you.
We do not ask for a dime.
Freely you have been given; freely we give it out.
That is my heart and that is the way it always will be for this YouTube channel.
We keep pushing on, and we appreciate all the love and support you have given us with the algorithm and our ministry on this platform.
It is interesting how God has used this for this end-time prayer army, that we could join together as pray-ers throughout the whole world to intercede for change in our communities.
We believe that we have received that in Jesus' name.
There are good days ahead for the body of Christ.
We hope you are encouraged today by watching this video and we will be back again.
I have been trying to do prayer every day because I feel an urgency.
The Lord has been on my heart saying, "Brandon, it is a time of prayer like never before.
" We are changing things in the spirit.
Remember, as we pray together as a body, we are strong together.
Many hands make light work.
Remember that when you are trying to be a Rambo by yourself.
We are a family and we are excited you are here.
We close our broadcast every single time by telling you all to put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we will see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.